All right, now in this next lesson, I'm going to show you how we can use the capabilities of spring
boot to provide internationalized support for our web application.
And what I mean by that is if we are willing to translate certain texts within our page here or any
pages for that matter, we can have our application present the text in various languages that we provide
translations for.
So I want to show you how to do that now.
And considering that I think more than half of my students are actually in non-English speaking countries,
this might be particularly of interest to you.
Let's see here.
So where we will begin is first, let's check how our I.D. is actually configured to make this a little
bit easier.
So we'll go into the preferences you can get there either on Mac by coming up to this menu item here
and going to preferences.
I think on Windows and Linux, I believe it's under the file menu, but you want to go into the preferences.
All right.
And the first thing I recommend doing is clicking on this little search area here and typing in plug
in.
So we want to go check what plug ins we have installed, and you can click on the installed tab right
here and then come over here under plug ins and type in Greece source.
And you want to check and see if you have the resource bundle ED installed.
Now I'm going to tell you now this isn't a great plug in it.
It crashes constantly.
It really does.
But even with the crashing, I think it's still better than probably not having it and you'll see why
when we start using it.
So you want to check and see if that is installed, if it's showing up here, then you have it installed.
If it's not showing up here, then you don't have it installed.
If you don't have it installed, then you can click on this tab here marketplace and then search for
it again.
Resource Bundle.
That should be all I need to type in.
OK.
So here it is.
And so if you don't have it installed on your computer, then you'll probably have a green install button
next to it, and you can just click that and then follow the instructions to get it installed.
OK.
And you may have to restart intelligence, but just follow the instructions that the plug in tells you
to do.
OK, so assuming you've got that installed, then the next thing you'll want to do is come back over
here to this little search window and type in encoding like so and you'll go down here to file encoding.
And you want to get to this encoding screen here.
Now I'm going to just assume that by default, you probably already had global encoding and project
encoding set to UTF eight.
And if so, then you will just leave those alone if you don't have those set already.
It's up to you if you want to mess around with both.
You may.
You might want to try just leaving them as they are for now and see if you run into issues with what
I'm about to teach.
And if you do run into issues, then try changing these to UTF eight, OK?
That's how I'm going to tell you.
For now, the main place where we really want to look is down here.
Now on my I.D. by default, I had this setting down here where it says properties files, default encoding
for properties, files that was set to ISO eighty eight, fifty nine, Dash one and basically ISO 88
fifty nine.
Dash one, for all intents and purposes, is ASCII.
And if you may recall from the lessons that I've taught earlier, ASCII encoding only provides codes
primarily for the Latin character set.
OK, so mostly the letters that you would see in Western European languages and English.
So we want to change this now so that we can have better support for more internationalization.
So I'm going to select that and I'm going to choose UTF eight.
Now I'm going to tell you now I learned the hard way, what happens if I choose UTF 16?
I'm sure it can be made to work if I cared to spend enough time making it work, but I'm not going to
do that.
So I'm just going to warn you now.
Probably don't do that unless you're willing to spend a lot of time figuring it out.
Or or maybe you go Google.
A lot of things.
I don't have time for that now, so I'm going to recommend that you choose UTF eight.
In theory, the only difference between the two is that if you're going to have a lot of text that is
primarily Latin script, then UTF eight will likely be a more efficient encoding and it will use less
space.
On the other hand, if the majority of the data or typing or translation translations you are going
to enter into these properties files is not Latin script, and especially if it's something like Korean
or Chinese or Japanese or something like that in all likelihood.
UTF 16 in theory.
Would likely be the more efficient encoding to use.
I'm just telling you the theoretical differences between UTF eight and 16, however, functionally they
both can do the same thing.
It's just a question of how much space is getting used up now.
In practice, though, like I was just saying, I discovered that when I chose UTF 16, my entire application
broke and I'm sure there was a way that I could have gotten that working.
But I don't know what that is because I didn't want to spend much more time on it.
So in general, just use UTF eight unless you really know what you're doing.
All right.
So UTF eight and I'm going to click apply and OK.
And so now we will open up the project pane here, right?
And then under the source main resources folder, we can right click on that and choose New and resource
bundle.
Or you could just do command in.
So we want to make what is called a new resource bundle, and then we're going to have to name this
bundle and we're going to have to call it all lowercase messages.
OK?
Make sure you call it like that messages, and then we must specify what languages we would like to
provide translations for.
OK, now note Java isn't going to actually translate anything for us.
We have to do that ourselves.
We just need to let it know what locales or languages or countries we are planning to provide the translations
for.
So we do that by clicking on this plus here or command in.
And then we can specify some either locale codes or just the two letter language or two letter country
codes separated by commas.
OK.
Now, since English will be the default for me, I won't specify that because this plugin will generate
a default file anyway, so I would simply specify the additional languages that I plan to provide translations.
For now, I have spent many years studying or dabbling in a number of languages.
I am not going to claim fluency in any of them at all, but I will use those languages, for my example.
Here you are free to use whatever languages you would like to.
You could even use made up ones, I suppose.
All right.
So I will attempt translations for French.
So that would be F.r and Korean, which is chaos, I think, and Japanese.
OK.
And again, you can provide as many as you want and whatever languages you like.
And then I will hit enter.
Oh, by the way, so one of the things so you could also do something like this.
So English underscore U.S. meaning English as it is spoken in the United States, so you could get that
specific with a fully qualified locale.
OK.
In my case, as far as I know, French is French everywhere in France, more or less.
Same goes for Korean and same goes for Japanese.
However, if there was a region somewhere in the world like India, for example, I know India has lots
and lots of languages.
I'm not even sure how you would specify some of those languages, but for example, I know that there's
a language called Telugu.
I don't know what the code is for that, but let's pretend like it's tea and then we're talking about
India.
So that might be a fully qualified locale for Telugu spoken in India, for example.
So you could do that as well.
All right, but I'm going to delete those and I'm going to click OK and then OK again.
All right now, I'm being presented with this message that you likely won't get because I am storing
all of my code changes in a code repository called Get.
Well, actually GitHub using a technology called Get to do so.
So it's just asking me if I want to add these newly created files to my jet repository, which I do
want to do.
But don't worry if you don't see this message and you probably won't.
So that plug in has now created these four additional property files for all of the language translations
and because we now have this plug in installed.
If I double click on this base one here messages that properties, not that it actually matters.
It doesn't really matter which one you click on, but I just prefer to start off with this bass file
here.
Messages that properties.
And then I'm going to close this pain.
OK, so now I'm in this empty little editor here and now I can click the plus sign and create a new
key.
So basically, the way this works is every part of my page where I would like to provide an alternate
translation needs to have a look up key, which is really just the code that I will use to refer to.
So for example, if I wanted to provide a translation, an alternative translation for people list,
then I need to create a key that refers to this text here.
Now, the easiest thing I can think to do right now is just to refer to that key as people dot list,
and you can pretty much put anything there.
So that's what I'm going to use for now.
I will tell you this if you're doing this for real in a corporate setting or something like that, you
might want to think these through a little bit better.
So maybe a better way to do it would be something like the name of the page or the resource of the page,
which in this case is people.
And then the section of the page, which is like the table and then the function of the text.
So in that case, maybe I would call it something like people die table dot title, right?
Because it's the title of the table on the people page, right?
And then if I were translating the last name, maybe I would say something like people don't table date,
header dot, last name, something like that.
So if I if you want it to be, like, really, really methodical about it.
But I'm not going to do that for now.
I'm just going to do people that list and tour.
OK, now.
I think I had mentioned a bit ago that this plug in crashes a lot and it just crashed for me.
I continue to tolerate using it, though, because even with the crashes, I think it's still saving
me a lot of time and it's pretty easy for me to get back up and running again by just doing a command
eve and then opening back up that same file.
And here I'm back in business and there's the key that I just created.
And now I've got these little text boxes here where I can provide translations, and every time I go
from one box to the other, it's probably going to crash again, but again.
But still, that's kind of OK for now.
I'm going to leave the default window here alone, and I will come back to it.
So let me provide a translation for French, and I don't know if I already stated it, but I would just
simply state that I'm certainly no expert at any of these languages whatsoever.
I have a slightly advanced level of of high school French.
OK.
That's basically where I am with with my French here.
So my translations that you will see here may serve as comedy for many of you.
And if so, that's great.
I'm here not only to educate, but occasionally to entertain as well.
So for the French Translation for people list, I think I'm going to say something like Liste de Jong.
I have no idea if that's even how French people would say that, but that's how I'm going to say it.
I don't even know would they put the air on?
I think they would.
I don't know.
So anyway, that's fine.
It's fine.
This is just for illustrative purposes, OK?
And then I'm going to save that and move on to Japanese.
And when I do this, when I click on this, it's probably going to crash.
Yep, there it goes.
So let me just reopen that, come back down here to Japanese and let me switch my keyboard over to Japanese.
So again, I have no idea how Japanese people would even call something like this.
So I'm just going to make up something here, and I'm going to call it stall, which means people or
person stall Lisa talk like that.
And I don't know if they even if they were to say this, I don't know if they'd say that or maybe stall.
No.
I don't know the list of people I don't know.
So it doesn't matter.
Four.
For my purposes, it doesn't matter.
This is not a commercial website that I am making.
This is just the G2.
All right.
So that's how I would do that.
And then I will say that.
And let me switch my language into Korean and let this crash.
There it is.
It crashed and then reopen it and then come down here to the Korean thing.
And now for Korean, I guess I will say something like far sort least these to.
The.
So, yeah, maybe something like that.
And let me switch into English, and I'm going to say that.
All right.
So there's my first set of translations, very bad translations, I'm pretty sure.
And now I will switch over to the template file the people that the email template file here and make
use of these translate.
Oh, I'm sorry, I totally forgot to go back up here to the default.
Let me.
So for the default, just so that I can see that something is actually actually changing, what I will
do for right now is reopen this and I'm going to grab the Japanese and I'm going to paste that up here.
But I'm going to put a little hint that this is like for the default or English or whatever, and then
I'm going to save that.
OK, now having done that, I will jump over to the people that HTML file, and here is where I can
show you how to actually use these translations.
So I will find my text, which is this text right here people list.
Now, I don't actually have to change that.
Remember, I told you several lessons ago that one of the cool things about the timely templating framework
is that you are able to template ties the and HTML page without modifying how it looks if it's not being
interpreted through timely.
OK, so I can actually leave that text alone and my modification will go inside of the H2 tag that houses
this this text here.
So what I will do is simply use the the text tag of timely.
So that is to call and text equals.
And then I will use a special indicator that means that I want to provide a message.
And so that is the hash tag and curly braces.
And then all I need to do is to refer to the code that I provided that stands in for this people list.
And that was all lowercase people list like.
So now let's see what happens when actually cause the spring boot application to to reload here.
Oh, and the problem is that I'm not actually running.
So let me restart up my my application here.
There we go.
And now I've got my Japanese here.
OK, now let me point out something I wish I had had that running before.
What I wanted, wanted to point out and show is that if you're following along with me and you're making
these changes, and if your server had already been running, there's a good chance that when you implemented
this change and restarted everything that you would have gotten some kind of messed up like question
marks.
And then like people that list something like that and maybe even a people list underscore and underscore
us or something like that, and then some more question marks.
So it would have not looked correct.
There's a high probability that that's what you would have gotten if you had followed along with me,
but your application was already running.
If you get that, what you probably need to do is to explicitly just stop the application with the little
stop button here, in fact.
I'll go ahead and just click it now.
So just stop it and then restart it with the Green Play button.
OK, so let that restart and then go back to your browser and refresh the page.
And the reason for that, if you ran into that would likely be because if I open up the envelopes,
if I come over here and open up the project pane, the reason for that would likely be because these
properties file these property files here may not have gotten picked up on the class path.
And I know these words might not be meaning a whole lot to you, but they might not have gotten seen
essentially by the JVM if the JVM had always already been running at the time when you created and added
these files to the project, that might happen.
OK.
So to ensure that they definitely did get picked up, if you're getting that that issue, at least you
can just start the application and then start it up again, in which case these property files the messages,
properties files will then get picked up by the class path of your JVM, and you should be OK then.
All right.
So yeah, we've got our first little bit of the translation there.
Now here's an issue, though what if you want to test out the other translations?
The way that this is currently working is that the browser is sending in each request a little bit of
local information.
I think I showed that to you before every time we send a request.
In fact, I can just show you that again.
Real quick, I will open up the dev tools and go to network.
And if I just refresh this page, that'll trigger a request to be sent, and then I can click on the
request there and scroll down to request headers.
And there it is right there.
Accept language in hyphen us.
So what's happening is that's getting sent to the application, and the application doesn't know which
of my special property files to use to indicate a message here.
So it goes to the default one messages that properties, which is why I put this data here so that I
would see something really explicit in international, but I put the Ian on there so that I would know
that, OK, this is my little test one, right?
So now what if I wanted to test out these other translations, though?
Well, spring makes that relatively easy to do if you provide a little extra configuration.
So now let me show you how to do that.
So first, let me close that.
So if I open up the main Java and go to the main application file here, this is the starting class.
Let me minimize that to get some more room and then close this as well.
So we're in the starting file here, the starting class of the entire project, and it's the starting
class because it has the public static void main method in it, which actually starts up our application.
OK.
So this file can actually also be used to provide additional configuration for a spring boot application.
Now you don't have to use this file to do this.
You could create additional classes yourself, which are used purely for configuration, but you don't
have to.
You could put configuration information here as well.
And that's what we will do now.
First thing to note, I forgot to clear this out between recordings when I was trying things out off
camera.
So first thing you're going to want to do is to add this little bit of code here to have your application
class implement the Web MVC configuration class.
OK.
So this is part of just customizing the configuration of spring boot.
We'll come back to that in just a moment, but make sure you get that added and then we're going to
add a couple of configuration bins, if you will.
So I'm just and those will be implemented as additional methods on this class.
OK.
So the first one will be public and it's going to return something of type low cal resolver.
And it can be called anything, so I will just use what the CDC is recommending.
Like so now normally I would have a verb in them, but these methods are purely for configuration purposes,
so I just kind of don't really care.
In this particular case, and then in the body of this, I will create an instance of something called
a session low calorie resolver.
And I will just name this SLR for short and then I will create that new instance of that guy.
And then I will configure it.
SLR set default locale and I can use a local and I will set my default locale to U.S..
OK.
Since I'm in the U.S., but you can choose whatever look how you want or you could even do, and this
might actually not be a bad idea.
Get default, in fact.
Let's try to get default and then return SLR, and then you'll need to annotate this method so that
spring boot will pick it up and register it as a being.
OK.
So the way to do that is just to use the annotation at been.
All right, so there's that, then we need to create another Bean as a method.
And this one will return an instance of a local change interceptor and then I will again let the A.D.
suggested method name for this.
And here I will simply return a new locale change interceptor.
And then again, I will annotate this as a bean, and then the final method will be.
And overridden method inherited from this interface web in this in this configuration.
So to override that, I can do a control.
Oh, and then the method that I want is ad interceptors, and I will erase this little default code
here and I will simply refer to the registry object that is being passed into this method registry,
that ad interceptor.
And now here I will simply call this low cal change interceptor method.
So I will call that locale change interceptor method and close that off.
And no, being annotation or anything like that is needed for this one.
All right.
So I know that's three things that needed to be had.
That added, that probably don't make a whole lot of sense to you, but I'll try to remember to come
back and explain what these are doing.
But the main thing to know is that this is really just kind of boilerplate code anyway.
So you just kind of needed if you want the functionality that I'm about to show you now.
All right.
So let me go ahead and recompiled this class.
So now that I've done that, I now will have the ability to specify in the browser what locale I want
to see translations for and the way that I can do this by default, is to come up here to the URL and
do a question mark.
Locale equals and then I can specify one of those two letter codes that we created the message property
files for.
So if I want Korean, for example, I think I said that to Kato.
So let's see what happens here.
Yeah, there we go.
So Saddam, this right?
And if I want French f.r, there we go.
List de Jong.
And back to Japanese, well, now actually the more real Japanese so told no the story.
And then if I leave the two letter code off, this should go back to the default.
Yes, and it does.
It goes back to the default.
And so now let me change that default translation to English.
So I will open up the message that properties file and now I will overwrite this and just say, what
was it?
People, people list say that now, I'm not sure.
Let's see if this actually will get picked up.
I don't.
I guess it will.
It probably will.
So I will try doing a command shift f nine instead of an F nine a command F9.
So looks like that didn't get picked up on its own.
Or at least it didn't trigger a refresh.
Let's see what happens over here.
Yeah, that doesn't trigger that.
So let's try a command F9 and see if that will trigger.
There we go.
OK, so command F9 apparently is needed to trigger that kind of a change.
So be careful there.
Maybe just stick to the command F9 for most cases, in fact.
All right.
And I don't know just one more time just for just for grins.
I want to see that change again.
OK, cool.
So now let's just translate a few more things on this page.
OK, so let's see.
What else do I want to translate?
Let's translate last name, so I will add another key four.
I will just call it last.
Oops, last name.
And so for English, I will call that last name.
And save and then this is going to crash.
Oh, it didn't crash this time, I don't know why it didn't, but that's cool.
All right.
For French?
Let's see more.
The funnier, maybe, I guess?
I don't know.
That's what I'm going to call it.
Mole the.
Funnier.
Say that, and for Japanese, I have no idea what they call it, but I'm going to call it pretty much
what I called it in French, but in Japanese, so let me switch to Japanese and that should be Kadokawa,
I think.
So cool.
That might be was a puzzle cause or cool that looks about right.
I recognized the character for like house or whatever.
So I think that's right.
Khazal cool more.
Nah, my.
And that is the character from the.
Ah, that is the kanji for in there, mate.
So we've got casual cool.
No Marmite.
So again, I have no idea if Japanese people would refer to the last name in this way.
Probably not.
They probably have a shorter way to say that for all I know.
But again, who cares?
It's just for for playing around.
All right.
And then let me switch to Korean.
And I think I know this one, I think the Koreans would actually call the last name song, so swap song.
I think that's what they call a family name or surname.
All right.
So I will say that I don't know why this suddenly isn't isn't crashing now.
I don't know.
And let's do one more and we'll do.
First name, I guess.
Oops, and I forgot to switch first name.
And so up here, we'll call that first name.
And then down here for French, we will.
I think that's primal.
And I think they use an accent, but I don't remember what the accent is.
Sorry, French speakers, I'm not real great with with a lot of your language there, but.
Is it it might be painful?
That might be it.
I don't know.
And for a Japanese, I will just say, no, my.
My yeah, that's it.
And for Korean ID..
E!
OK.
All right.
And I think that's enough.
OK, so now let me go back over to the template here and find those references and just change them
out.
So let's see where his last name right there.
It's right there.
So last name.
So then I will use it.
Oops.
I always forget to switch back to English to colon.
Text equals.
Last that name.
And then we'll do a h context equals.
First name.
Like so.
And let's.
We start and I'm going to try again the control shift f nine.
Yeah, that worked.
OK, cool.
Yeah.
So that that worked in this particular case.
All right.
So you can see now that since I'm still in Japanese, that now we're getting as Oakamoor Nama and I
might and then we'll switch over to French.
No familiar and more.
And we would date of birth be, I think that would be nay, nay.
But I don't know if they I don't I don't know that they have a short form for date of birth in French.
I'm not sure if they do that or not, by the way.
Notice also now, as I switched to French my month here, those are now getting translated as well.
So that's kind of cool.
And the way that the money is being displayed is also being translated to the way that people in France,
I guess, would write numbers.
So instead of a decimal point, they use a comma.
I would never understand that.
But OK, cool, whatever.
And then what else?
Co for Korea.
So yeah, there we go.
And even here, the months get translated to the more common writing for months.
So here they are, just using the numbers and then the word LOL, which means month in Korean.
So I think that's kind of cool.
And did we already have Japanese?
I think we started off there.
Now, interestingly, I guess the standard in Japan is that they just use the English, or maybe my
use of this code is incorrect or something.
I'm not sure what's going on there.
But let me look up real quick.
What is the proper low cal code for Japan?
Java Low Cal Code for Japan?
Oh, it's J.
Ah, OK, J.
So what happens if I do this now?
Yeah, there we go.
Okay, yeah, I was at it.
It, it got.
So it's got so something like that.
I don't remember how they pronounce it.
So okay, I used the wrong code.
I should have used J instead of JP.
So don't follow my lead on that.
Like I said, I kind of just winging this a little bit.
So, yeah, I should have named my my file, J.
J.
Actually, in fact, you know, let me let me just see what happens if I try to change that now.
So let's change this shift.
That's six change that to a refactor that oh, then that fall out of the bundle now.
Let's see.
Can I add that back in to the bundle?
So now?
So let me show you what just happened here, by the way.
I just renamed this file, and now it's no longer included in this message bundle.
OK, so that's kind of not good.
So I need to get this file back into the bundle.
Let me see if what happens if I try to drag it in there will let me do that.
I'm.
Yeah, maybe maybe that worked, so.
So let's see here if I come over to the browser and I reload and I probably need to restart something.
Yeah, probably.
So let me do a command, F9.
There we go, and so now I've got the Japanese text there, plus the date stuff is is rendering correctly
as well.
All right.
So I think that should show you pretty decently how you can provide translations for an entire web site
or web application.
As you can probably see, though, it can be rather tedious because you've got to sit there and provide
a code for each and every single bit of text that you want to translate, which is why you're not seeing
me show you the entire page translated.
Not to mention the fact that my translation skills are just not that great.
But at least you do get a chance to see, generally speaking, how this can be done.
Now I'm going to take a minute here to just tell you a little bit about my background here, just as
a little light entertainment, so feel free to stop watching right now.
I haven't told you a whole lot about myself, and I still not planning to tell you very much, I guess,
but I will let you know that of early in my software development career, I did work for a major credit
card company.
If any of you live in North America, you might know who I'm talking about if I say that my experience
there was priceless.
So I worked for that company for a number of years, working as a web application developer on some
of their international websites, and I was hired because I had a level of comfort and familiarity with
certain languages, in particular French.
Obviously, I've already proven that I'm not like super ultra fluent in French, but I'm comfortable
with the language enough as a programmer that when I was given a HTML template pages to to modify for
use in our web applications, I at least could understand what I was reading to a to a fair enough degree.
You know, when it says, you know, first name and birth and things of that sort, you know?
And this was about 20 years ago, by the way, though, I haven't done a whole lot of it in recent years.
But I mean, this is the gist right here.
So I will say this if you do plan to do any of this type of internationalization for oh, and by the
way, internationalization in computing is often referred to as i18n, I guess, because the word internationalization,
I suppose, has 20 letters in it and it starts with an AI and it ends with an RN.
And so that you've got the other 18 letters in the middle.
So it's called internationalization or i18n.
OK.
So if you do plan to internationalize any or localize any of your applications along the lines of what
I'm showing you here, do yourself a favor and be really careful if you're going to use tools like Google
Translator and stuff like that.
Hopefully, since again, more than half of you are at least bilingual because you're listening to me,
speak English to you, and you're probably not in a primarily English speaking country.
You probably already understand these concepts as well or better than most.
But obviously, like even here, the translations that I am kind of half jokingly providing, you just
need to be a little bit careful.
You know, sometimes even something, even a tool as good as Google Translate, maybe it will lack context
of what you're trying to translate.
OK, and sometimes those translations just won't make a lot of sense.
So do yourself a favor and find a native speaker to confirm or verify or just get proper translations
from.
Oh, and and so now let's also take a quick look at what these configuration stuff is doing.
So let me just say this quickly.
All right.
So these two beans, basically what they are doing is this so this interceptor here will look for the
presence of this little parameter locale equals blah blah blah.
Now that can be configured to not look for the word locale, I could configure that to look for some
other word, but by default, it looks for the word locale.
And so if that word is present on the on the URL here as a parameter, it will use whatever value is
set on there as part of the locale key.
OK.
And then that will essentially get stored in what is called a session.
Now, I don't think I'm going to be able to take a lot of time to explain session right now.
But basically, session is a way to remember information in your web application from one request to
the next.
Beyond the scope of just one request from the browser.
OK, so like if I set a word like, well, if I set locale equals day on the session scope and then
the browser kept sending new requests, that locale equals a would always be remembered for a while
for a good long while.
As long as I was kind of in this web application, that's the short description of what session is OK?
Is this a way of remembering things?
B.
The scope of just one request, and so actually, if I were to take this locale off and then hit enter,
I will still be in Japanese, OK, because that locale equals, say, a thing is now being remembered
in the session of this application for me.
Now, if another person on another browser or to visit this same web page, in fact, let me show you
that I will use a different browser.
I will use Safari.
Let me bring that over here, and I will go to local host AT&T slash people.
There we go.
And now see here this is in English.
So over here I'm in Japanese, and if I refresh, I'm still in Japanese.
But over here in a completely different browser and a completely different session, I'm in English
and if I refresh, I'm in English now.
If I changed this to oops, too low cal equals let's do Korean.
So now I'm in Korean over here, and then if I refresh, I will continue to be in Korean.
But if I come over here, I will continue to be in Japanese and I can erase the locale and I will still
stay in Korean over here.
OK.
So that gives you a little example of what S. does.
It just remembers some settings across multiple requests until it times out, or you programmatically
kill the session for the given user.
OK.
All right.
So with that, I'm going to go ahead and close out this lesson.
And I think this was a pretty useful one.
So feel free to go ahead and fully internationalize the entire page, especially for those of you for
whom English is not your first language.
You will at least will know how to translate into your own native language better than I can.
All right, so with that, I will see you in the next one.